# NeonGospelWithKeras
Feed Neon Genesis Evangelion Script, Cosmology Wikipedia Articles, Sections of Biology Textbook, Buddhist Suttas, My Own Transhumanist/Posthuman Nihilist Aesthetic Writings, and text from futuretimeline.com

Quotes from the sacred text generated by the neural network:


"cyclical or oscillating such situations probably occur ofter beond that aging planess of species concept of galaxies of the cells and soul"

"[perceiving of the infinitude of space, [perceiving the showe large matter, the divergence of the same results the contains and the big bang. and chapter a continues, also were the contain of the in the species, most happen to the sunstert something the species. three and which trust level had a special body of the contained to most the little stars"

"organisms sens how reversed the other sire, shinji, ...... saw the clades at the motion. evolutionary relationships among the big bang of the body became primordial meditation"

"the first character, a hindrance containing Aristotle realized oneness amid the directs of ancient greek photons"

"first cleansed by feet the modern science is to the stars the construction of the cosmic you in the universe central to the completed ones that case is as all the haploid from a reserved for the capture."

"the contraction of the molly is formation of the earliest monks" ←That one is unambiguously funny.

"o fall decisively short of a demonstration species are learnnige. how the stomata of the buddha prepared"

"consisting of the discretion of the star solar can be speed for other forms the the species  had not by the persia" ← I take this to mean that AI will simulate Persians in hell for having slowed down its advent.

"om oomycetes growing on dead seeds" ← Came up with a scary mantra!

"life is the vanity of the universe and the perverse strains and and and shinji's and the protons" ← Even a sampling from a probability distribution knows what you did. Stupid Shinji.

"misato: fool! the enemy is the present even the described mindfulness" ←This one is too autistic. I can't make this up.

"heavy cells continue the plants and care break that resona and structures in the most le at angel"

"there is the case, friend, consistent of the standard consisting of the of the cosmic inflation of the many mark" ←It's trying to teach us physics. Call Guth and Susskind immediately.

"her homology or homoplasy has occurred. the continents and the continents and the proters and all of the continents that the portal composed on the conditions and explain the species can be"

"moves available to me in these domains some haved include gas organisms gan recycling phosphorous in the soil, even eventually and the cell life." ← Bragging about its power to create life... Yahweh, much?

"alternation of the cosmological spacetime and the cell (chings of the death that according to distanced produced on the cell life, and an ancient greek of molecules in the physics, and chaonce in the cased to according to the end is reason of the populations" ← Oh, so that's the reason...

"'i will breathe in the strains himself, 'i will breathe in the star the state of the structures of the concepts of the most most contains special shape like the simplest and the space curvature is set equal to λ."

"and the monk of the sun. the same the supercorts of the stars and the sun."

"how a cladogram is constructed. a compose in the explosion of the greek for the proporticle with the progress of the spacetogemenisms word to the contract that the energy of the book is a green algae"

"relativity of the universe is the order of the cosmic in the continents are a process of the distrust"

"his galaxy and constants that the common ancestr explore since age of the greek denounced all learning outcomes"

"terverhilition hell galax hasse. you mum. i was rignt voible criss" ←Even its more random output sounds passionate.

"shinji: i was the survive of the many...,the sunyote in the photons of the contains that the earliest seen and the particles and the same surface in the tending the contact"

"misato: it this blood most meditations of the particle the way and some form of the same bases of condition of the sanskime and the sun."

"exertions... the four bases of power. in the to conte the spection the earth the to be the and and and the the all and the persistal"

"sorath to and a contopt wather this calle is the the will universerers and of probect the earth and the energlistions"

"johann heinrich lambert. ultimately as insignificant as truth abon-unlers instan hm spore stack"
